# mrModelsInUnity
Matt Rushton, 3/3/24, Fifteen textured Models in Unity

Explain your progress, describe what technical choices you used and new techniques you learned and how your creative choices impact your environment. I wanted to create a more solidified, interactive environment in Maya first, so that in Unity, it could be explored. I felt like this time around, I had a way better grasp of beveling, and what it did to the object, so I used that quite a bit. This can be seen in the floorboards, the walls of the room, the pillow, the bedframe, etc. The texture maps are in binary sizes because our computers themselves are binary, and it can better read images if they match this binary state. I honestly feel like I didn't use texture mapping this much that time, and I still had trouble exporting some of my own textures into Unity. But, within Maya, I felt like I had at least somewhat of a grasp, and tried to make the rug an image by a favorite artist of mine, monsterSOVKA. In Unity, because of texture issues, some textures were changed to imported lamberts. 

The world itself started out from the outside in- I made the room first, then the larger objects, then the smaller objects like the angels. It evolved through each object, and started out as an ordinary bedroom before I added my biblically accurate angels into this world. Aesthetically, I Love the combination of the mundane and the magical, so I continued that trend in this environment, too. I wanted to make a slightly eerie scene, what with the sword and the person lying on the floor. 
